Here's a bug that our
monitoring actually caught.
And our monitoring is saying that,
a lot of our requests back to the server,
are coming back with a 400 or
a 400 bad request, as the HTTP code says.
In fact this happened 200 times,
we've posted to /api/rants/, and
we've gotten this 400.
And our server people,
they're not so happy with that,
they don't want us making these bad calls.
And we don't wanna waste a bunch
of network bandwidth and
transition time,
making calls that aren't gonna succeed.
So, let's see if we can understand why
these 400 bad requests are happening.
The other thing that we can tell from our
monitoring, is that, we have some context
about the timeline that's happened, based
on the monitoring tools that we're using.
And I know that before this Ajax happens,
there's two important events
that are always happening.
First, the user inputs zero
characters into that text area,
and then they click on a button.
And those two events are always
happening right before that 400.
So let's see if we can recreate that
with our own development environment.
So I'm just gonna give this a reload,
make sure we're in a clean environment.
So I'm going to enter zero
characters into our text area, so
I'm not gonna do anything.
And I'm going to click
on the submit button.
And the Chrome Console, nicely even
reports that to me, it shows me,
hey, there was a post to this URL
www.getrantr.com port 9000/api/rants
I'm gonna leave it to you,
to take the next step after that, and
figure out, why is that happening and
what can we do about it?